Updating Magento2 API + WP API docs (#9)
deity-io/falcon-docs: docs/falcon-server/api-providers.md

To add this API to your Falcon-based app install it in the server directory:

with **yarn**:

```bash
# Install Shop Extension and Magento2 API Provider
yarn add @deity/falcon-shop-extension @deity/falcon-magento2-api
```

or with **npm**:

```bash
# Install Shop Extension and Magento2 API Provider
npm install --save @deity/falcon-shop-extension @deity/falcon-magento2-api
```

and add extension and api to the configuration of the server:

```js
{
  "extensions": {
    // enable shop extension by adding it to "extensions" object
    "shop": {
      "package": "@deity/falcon-shop-extension",
      "config": {
        "api": "api-magento2" // must match an API Provider name set in "apis" object below
      }
    }
  },
  "apis": {
    // provide api that will be used by magneto
    "api-magento2": { // must match "config.api" from shop-extension configuration
      "package": "@deity/falcon-magento2-api",
      "config": {
        // your magento2 api configuration
        "protocol": "https",
        "host": "my-magento-domain.com",
        "username": "api-user",
        "password": "api-user-password"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Lifecycle of the GraphQL request

> This is a short overview of the way how authentication between Falcon Magento2 API and Magento2 backend works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a short overview of the way how authentication between Falcon Magento 2 API and Magento 2 backend works.
```

> Falcon Magento2 API provides implementation for endpoints that require authorization (customer related data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Falcon Magento 2 API provides implementation for endpoints that require authorization (customer related data)
```

> as well as endpoints that don't require customer to be authenticated (product catalog etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as endpoints that don't require a customer to be authenticated (product catalog etc).
```

Every incoming GraphQL request sets the context to the [Falcon Server](/docs/falcon-server/basics) GraphQL resolver,

> so all connected API providers would have an access to it, including `headers` and `session` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so all connected API providers would have access to it, including `headers` and `session` objects.
```

> Once user signs in with his Magento2 credentials his access token is stored in the `session` so it can be used for interaction with Magneto2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once user signs in with his Magento 2 credentials his access token is stored in the `session` so it can be used for interaction with Magneto2.
```

> That way API instance can fill in context with its own data that can be reused during query execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That way the API instance can fill in context with its own data that can be reused during query execution.
```

> Falcon Magento2 API gets the data from the `session` (which is available as `context.session`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Falcon Magento 2 API gets the data from the `session` (which is available as `context.session`).
```

title: API Providers
---

Every Falcon Extension provides its own part of the GraphQL Schema, in addition - Extension requires
to have an API Provider that is able to communicate with the actual backend service.

> Every API Provider must implement and to be compatible with Queries, Mutations and types that

Author: @cane-lagerwaard updated
